Susan L. Spencer
140 Oakland Trace
Madison, Alabama 35758
(256) 508-4550
susan.spencer@gmail.com
seamlypatterns@gmail.com

Application for the 'Investable Stories for Women' program at the Nashville Entrepreneurial Center

Seamly, LLC Overview:

Seamly, LLC is a company founded upon the idea that clothes should fit and be comfortable. 
We can have comfortable clothing at costs much less than traditional bespoke if we use custom-sized patterns. Our daily lives are enriched when what we wear reflects who we are rather than what we could find at the store. Those special events in our lives when our clothing has special importance should also be comfortable and more enjoyable, whether those events are cosplay conventions or formal weddings.

The company will be developed in 5 phases:

Phase 1 - Seamly creates custom-sized garment patterns for cosplay, historical and other communities which are underserved by the patternmaking industry. The patterns will be sold online at www.seamlypatterns.com and will be emailed, or printed and shipped. Links to suggested fabrics, notions, etc. will take users to vendor partners. Video tutorials will provide opportunities for advertising revenue.
Phase 2 - Users will be able to share what they have made and can create social groups. 
Phase 3 - Individual pattern designers will sell from their own storefronts (similar to Etsy). There also will be storefronts for sewists, fabric vendors, photographers, venue owners/managers, and stylists. Forums for job advertisements will be added.
Phase 4 - A web-based pattern design app will allow users to make patterns from their own designs. This will allow users to post their patterns (similar to www.deviantart.com) and share or sell them in their user storefront.
Phase 5 - Designer event services will be available. Users will be able to create an event, select their patterns/fabrics/sewists, find a stylist or event organizer, locate and schedule venues, order flowers, select and order invitations, and retain photographers/hairdressers/music/other_service_providers.  Users will be able to track each aspect of their event, provide feedback scores on each service and product provided, and post photos.

I am interested in the Investable Stories for Women program as I need to develop a more professional "sell-able" description for my company.  I also need to develop market research and other information to include in a pitch to potential investors.

The Investable Stories for Women program would benefit me at this time because my company is developing to the point where it needs capital investments.  The 'Investable' program will teach me how to present the company to potential investors and how to effectively field investors' questions and provide them quickly what they need to know.

I hope that by attending the 'Investable' sessions I will learn much more than just how to create a pitch.  I hope that I learn what is expected of successful companies, and how I can prepare to meet those upcoming challenges.

LetterLogic is contributing back to the local and global communities in some tremendous ways.  I'm especially impressed by their partnership with Kiva.org in providing micro-loans to entrepreneurs in third-world areas. And of course I very much appreciate the scholarship funds they are providing to the 'Investable Stories for Women' program at the Nashville Entrepreneurial Center.

Seamly, LLC has future plans to give back to the community by providing math education through pattern making. Students will learn, apply and solidify algebra, trigonometry, and programming skills within the familiar knowledge base of how clothing is constructed -- they don't have to learn advanced math skills while at the same time learning physics or engineering.

I look forward to hearing from you about this scholarship application to the 'Investable Stories for Women' program.  I'm very excited that this program is available!

Best Regards,


Susan L. Spencer
Seamly, LLC
(256) 508-4550
susan.spencer@gmail.com




